Feature/9860 enable product creation with ai (#9861)
woocommerce/woocommerce-android: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

15.6
-----
- [*] Fix an issue that prevents login when the site uses a custom directory for the WordPress installation [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-android/pull/9846]

> - [***] Adds new feature to create products with ai generated content [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-android/issues/9785]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [***]  WPCOM stores and self-hosted stores with Jetpack AI plugin can now create products using AI.[https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-android/issues/9785]
```

To copy iOS which I think is a bit more descriptive with who can use the feature.
